DOCS-3077, DOCS-3037, DOCS-3038 AppSec Landing Page, Getting Started, Setup n Config (#12951)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/security_platform/application_security/getting_started/java.md

---
title: Java Applications
kind: documentation
code_lang: java
type: multi-code-lang
code_lang_weight: 0
further_reading:
    - link: 'https://github.com/DataDog/dd-trace-java'
      tag: 'GitHub'
      text: 'Java Datadog Library source code'
---

{{% appsec-getstarted %}}

## Get started

1. **Download the [Datadog Java library][1]**, at least version 0.94.0:

>    ```

Author: @arnaudbreton That link [1] is pointing to exactly that URL, so they do have easy access to the latest release. We include the 0.94.0 because for at least the first few months the most common question people have is "is what I already have good enough?" and this lets them know that right away. The way the sentences is phrased ("at least") means we don't have to update it each time there's a new release. The sentence still works after 0.94.1 arrives.

>    ```

Reviewer: I see. Makes sense then

   wget -O dd-java-agent.jar 'https://github.com/DataDog/dd-trace-java/releases/latest/download/dd-java-agent.jar'
   ```

   For information about which language and framework versions are supported by the library, see [Compatibility][2].

2. **Run your Java application with Application Security enabled.** From the command line:
   ```
   java -javaagent:/path/to/dd-java-agent.jar -Ddd.appsec.enabled=true -Ddd.service=<MY SERVICE> -Ddd.env=<MY_ENV> -jar path/to/app.jar
   ```

   Or one of the following methods, depending on where your application runs:

   {{< tabs >}}
{{% tab "Docker CLI" %}}

Update your configuration container for APM by adding the following argument in your `docker run` command: 

```
docker run [...] -e DD_APPSEC_ENABLED=true [...] 
```

{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "Dockerfile" %}}

Add the following environment variable value to your container Dockerfile:

```
ENV DD_APPSEC_ENABLED=true
```

{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "Kubernetes" %}}

> Update your configuration yaml file container for APM and add the AppSec env variable:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Update your deployment configuration file for APM and add the Application Security environment variable:
```

```
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      containers:
        - name: <CONTAINER_NAME>
          image: <CONTAINER_IMAGE>/<TAG>
          env:
            - name: DD_APPSEC_ENABLED
              value: "true"
```

{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "AWS ECS" %}}

> Update your ECS task definition JSON file, by adding this in the  environment section:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Update your ECS task definition JSON file, by adding this in the environment section:
```
